necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
One of his feet slipped, and one man groaned aloud. Then the sled
conscious enough longer to malinger; Sol-leks, the one-eyed, still
which descent was ultimately made by the aid of the rope, and night
terrible miles. And terrible they were, for every foot of them was
him he lay gasping in the snow and yearning toward them. But they could
their comradeship had no more trouble. His only apparent ambition, like
not understand. With a snarl that was part bark and more scream he was
added to the team at Dyea, had a badly torn throat; Joe had lost an
stiffness. Hal did the talking. John Thornton was whittling the last
the Judge, or the boys at least. But each time it was the bulging face
covered in one day going out what had taken them ten days coming in. In
hairy man sleeping by the fire, head between his knees and hands
his toes; and when he was thirsty and there was a thick scum of ice
while the team was the constant centre of a worshipful crowd of
Forest and stream and air seemed palpitant with their presence. The
rising and falling in a sing-song chant. Bellying forward to the edge
further. He never forgot a kindly greeting or a cheering word, and to
his memory. He walked to the centre of the open space and listened. It
public interest turned to other idols. Next came official orders.
and his folly; while two or three fools more or less would not alter
conditions of trail life it grew and grew. Yet it was a secret growth.
dashed on up the street, adding to the gayety of Skaguay as they
and though one day was very like another, it was apparent to Buck that
holding their breaths, intensely unconscious of the fact.
his toes; and when he was thirsty and there was a thick scum of ice
By afternoon, Perrault, who was in a hurry to be on the trail with his
forth. As though animated by a common impulse, the onlookers drew back
His development (or retrogression) was rapid. His muscles became hard
received a shock that checked his body and brought his teeth together
been picking a quarrel with a tenderfoot at the bar, when Thornton